From hanselman.com. It's Hansel
minutes or weekly discussion with
web developer and technologist Scott
Hanselman hosted by Carl Franklin. This
is Lawrence Ryan announcing show number
13 recorded Monday, April 10th, 2006. Support
for Hanselman. This is provided
by COVID Smith tools, makers
of code Smith and extensible
template based code generator for.net.
And you can get a
hundred bucks off with coupon
code H M 100, just
for listening to Hansel minutes
online@covidsmithtools.com. Support is also provided
by Peter bloom.com. Start with
better controls finish with better
sites online@peterblumdotcomandby.net developers journal the
world's leading dotnet developer magazine
online at www dot
dot com. In this episode,
Scott talks about the tools
and techniques. He used to
discover a Trojan that had
infected his website.  Hi,
this is Carl Franklin, and welcome
back to Hansel minutes and
here with Scott Hanselman, of
course. Hi Scott, how are
you, sir? The topic this
week, CSI your computer forever
Basic analysis on your machine
Quincy for the PC, for
our international crowd, of course,
Jack Klugman and the reference
to Quincy MD was a
medical detective show about a,
he worked in a more
grooves in medical examiner And
he always went over the
boss's head. Yep. So these,
this is about tools that
you can use to diagnose
problems with you PC, not
necessarily code problems, but just
everyday problems. This was a
really weird week for me.
When it came to a
debugging and odd behavior on
my system, we had a
asp.net worker process running at
a hundred percent for no
particular reason at all. We
had a Trojan horse kind
of evil malware virus blogged
about the Trojan at shrinks.com/dvx
and the debugging, the asp.net
worker process at  dot
com slash D VV. Both
of them involved going into
the toolbox. And interestingly, the
toolbox consists more and more
of anything that's just internals
has ever done. I used
to have a whole pile
of utilities and more and
more, I just keep coming
back to those guys because
they get you're right down
to what's happening underneath your
system. I used to say
that with.net, everyone said, Oh,
it's taking you to a
new layer of abstraction, right?
It's a whole new level
of abstraction, right? I always
joke that it's really just
managed spackle over the underlying
O S a and I
say that, you know, somebody
somewhere has to call a
load library. You know, it
doesn't matter whether you use
Java or whether using.net, somebody
had to load that and
such a DLL into such
and such exe. Yeah. And
inevitably the level of debugging
that I ended up getting
to is the ports and
processes, DLLs, and which DLL
got loaded kind of level.
I think there's kind of
two levels of debugging out
there. Maybe you would agree.
There's like, you know, your
hardcore debugger, you know, hardware,
debugger, soft ice kind of
attached to it, find out
what entry points were relocated
at what point in memory
symbol, like surfer path. I
used to read the CPU
registers. Oh yeah. I mean,
we all learned that in
school and you know, there
was a time when I,
when I could say, Oh
man, dude, he was moving,
he was moving zero into
AIX. That's totally. And he
jumped, you know, and he
went off into the weeds
and, you know, frankly, I
think it's difficult to be
a really awesome Colonel level
debugger Pencil. You're debugging if
you're debugging the Colonel. Correct.
Yeah. And you know, I,
I've always said be a
Swiss army knife, do it
and do as much as
you can. But I, I
reached my limit when I
get into this kind of
stuff. And I, I do
not claim to know this.
Like I used to back
in the day, man, I
could funk with the best
of them, you know, windows
16 bit. But nowadays I
defer to the experts and
you know, the experts right
now really keeps coming back
to Mark Russinovich at sysinternals.
He's actually speaking at tech
ed at a pre-con at
shrinker.com/dvi. And he's going to
be doing a pre-con on
debugging and fighting malware with
advanced detection and removal techniques.
Wow, cool. Which is going
to be rock and sweet.
He's going to talk about
I'm sure. His root kit
stuff that he did with
that Sony CD recently and
different kinds of malware. So
my very cursory writeup of
fighting that Trojan at trench.com/dvx,
not nearly as interesting as
the stuff that he's going
to talk about, but even
though his exploits are awesome,
I like reading them and
I struggled to understand them
all. I still think that
there's a basic level of
understanding that I think we
can all use to debug,
you know, 80%, 90% of
what goes wrong in the
average dotnet developers life. And
Is this knowledge that will
transfer over to non programmer
types? Or do you really
sort of have to be
a geek to get this
week show? Well, right there,
you imply that a non
programmer type can't be a
geek. And certainly there are
lots of folks that don't
program, you know, it guys
that may listen to this
podcast and others that are
not necessarily dotnet programmers, but
yeah, I think that this
is a geek person type
of a thing. You know,
if you like the task
manager, if you leave the
task manager running all the
time, you might be a
geek, right. And if you
sort by CPU, if you
sort by virtual memory size,
you might be a geek.
I think there's a comedy
routine in this somewhere. Very,
very likely, well, okay, what's
next? So in the comments
of, of my recent posts
at stringer.com/dvp, a debugger better
than I, whose name I
cannot quite pronounce, it looks
like Mateus Vander. Flutent made
a comment. And some of
my screenshots that the function
that I thought was causing
trouble in this particular issue
with asp.net worker process, going
to a hundred percent was
not in fact, the function.
I thought it was, he
looked at the offset and
said, well, I don't think
the function is that large.
And I think what's happening
is that you're seeing the
nearest exported function and you
need to load the symbols.
And I had completely forgotten
about symbol servers. When you
use a tool like process
Explorer, process Explorer from sysinternals,
it is the task manager
on steroids. You can get
that at  dot com
slash DVM. You can right
click on a process and
hit properties. And then from
the properties dialog box, you'll
see things like the path,
like where did that process
get loaded from? Because just,
just because you see food
dot exe doesn't mean it's
the one you think it
is, it could have been
loaded from a different directory,
but you can click on
the threads tab and you
can see the functions that
are doing the work. Cool.
And it turned out that
I was just looking at
kind of the raw information
there and not seeing truly
what was going on. So
I made some assumptions. So
he pointed out, well, you
can download the Microsoft debugger
tools and you can get
details on this@shrinkstir.com slash DV
w. And this is a
really interesting support article@microsoft.com and
the only support article I've
ever seen that includes embedded
video. So it gives you
an idea of how complicated
this is actually a KB
article@support.microsoft with an embedded streaming
media demonstration of how to
do this. This is setting
up a symbol server. Microsoft
has got a global server@microsoft.com
that you can set up
a path and environment, variable
machine wide on your system,
and point it to a
local folder. And you'll see
all the details there when
you visit the link. So
I've set this up and
I just made a folder
on my system called C
backslash symbols. So then when
a debugger, whether it be
visual studio, whether it be
wind debug when DBG that
comes with visual studio tools
and the, the SDK or
process Explorer itself decides to
get more information about a
Microsoft executable that you're trying
to debug, they'll automatically download
the symbols. Now You, that
means that you have to
be plugged into that server.
I mean, it doesn't work
for everything, right? So this
particular symbol server works for
Microsoft symbols. So Anything that's
that comes with windows, anything
that's part of the S
We'll we'll we'll be available
there. So I've set that
up and I'm looking at
my cymbals folder right now,
and I see a directory
called ASP net worker process
dot PDB that is, and
inside that is the PDBs
for asp.net. So you actually
will Be able to pull
those up in visual studio
and walk through the code.
You can't walk through the
code, we're talking about symbols,
so this will help you
get call stacks where you
couldn't see call stacks before.
Okay. It'll give you, you
know, for the most part,
not quite a line number,
but it'll tell you where
functions are, are blowing up.
Okay. I'll post about this
in the future. I thought
the PDB files contained enough
information to reconstruct the source
code for, for.net applications. Anyway,
They, they contain information about
up to, and sometimes not
including line numbering, but I'm
sure one of our listeners
will correct me and give
me the exact details. Okay.
I I'll show I'll put
up a before and after
screenshot of debugging, the ESPN
networker process with the symbols
and without them sweet and,
and we'll see how much
more information that you can,
you can see, okay. It
also will allow you to
take, like when you get
a dump file, like a
DMP, when your system is
blue screen, you can load
that into process Explorer, debug
view, and you might be
able to get some information
about whereabouts that happened. That
might be as simple as
getting the information about a
driver that you couldn't see
before. Yeah, That's, that's been
a big problem for me.
Now, you can set this
up machine wide. There's an
environment variable called NT symbol
path that you can learn
about it, that, that Earl
shrinks.com/dvw, you can set it
up at a solution by
solution basis inside of visual
studio. There's a debug symbol
files search these paths, and
then enterprises can set up
symbol servers for themselves. Like
we have a very large
application called Voyager here at
Kirlian, and there's a number
of different versions. So we
have an internal symbol server
so that when someone's running
a particular version of Voyager,
they can set their environment
variable to our main symbol
server. And it will find
the right versions of the
PDBs for that particular version
of a Voyager. Cool. That's
very cool. Yeah, there's so
much more there than, than
I even claim to understand
now that we're in such
a mixed unmanaged managed kind
of world, but dealing with
PDBs, like this is a
particularly complicated issue and having
a symbol server as a,
as Mateus pointed out to
me would have given me
even more information. And even
though I solved the problem,
I didn't truly understand what
was going on until I
started digging into that. You
know, I think one thing
This is prompting me to
do is to set up
the symbol server and just
write some code and throw
some exceptions and see, you
know, just mess around with
it, grab some, grab a
stiff cup of coffee and
just start playing with, You
know, and another thing about
PDBs that has always caused
me a lot of trouble
is this issue with PDBs
in and the GAC, you
know, loading stuff into the
gap. You know, let's pause
there for just a second.
And let me ask you
now you're a web developer
and you obviously talk have
talked about putting things in
the gap before I've always
been under the impression and
maybe, maybe it's just because
it's, I'm more of a
windows developer than a web
developer, but that, you know,
loading things into the GAC
can, you know, Just cause
cause more problems I guess,
because of versioning and stuff
and updating well For, for
us, it's not about the
copying round of the files.
There is something to be
said for having an X
copy deployment, being able to
just take an entire bin
folder of your asp.net application
and just dump stuff over
there for us, it became
an issue around, around interrupt.
We have a bunch of
comm DLLs that get used.
And if you just go
into visual studio and say,
add reference, and then pick
a calm DLL, if you've
got food at DLL to
calm DLL and you pick
it out of the add
reference, you'll automatically get an
interrupt assembly generated for you.
They'll automatically run that TLB
amp and they'll make an
interrupt for you. But if
you're doing anything funky with
comm marshaling of custom types
or arrays or variants, sometimes
you want to write these
inter-op assemblies yourself. And if
you do that, you want
to Mark them as being
a what's called a Pia
or a primary inter-op assembly.
And when you do that,
you need to strongly strongly
name that. And those often
become shared because calm DLLs
are registered system wide they're
shared, right? So then the
associated dotnet interrupt DLL. It's
nice to Mark that as
being shared. And those often
go into the gag, I
guess that makes sense. So
I think of the GAC
as being the place where
system wide things go, right?
Things that are shared amongst
many, many web Webster websites
on a single web server,
secret management, things like that,
maybe a database access layer
that a number of different
applications are gonna use. Once
you get things in the
GAC that people feel that
the GAC is the strange
place. And like we talked
about last week, you can,
you know, subs to drive
to the, to the GAC
and see what's really going
on in there. Right? One
of the things that people
forget though, is that if
you have the DLL in
your local directory and in
the GAC, it'll get loaded
out of that local directory.
And that can be confusing
about where things get loaded
from. And often you want
to put the PDB files
in the gap. All right,
now I may be remembering
this wrong, but it was
my assumption that at least
in dotnet one Oh, the,
that the, the loader looks
in the gap first before
looking in the local directory.
And then we'll look at
your config file to see
if you've redirected it. But,
but I thought the GAC
took precedence over being local.
So it's a little tricky
and you can take a
look at a Richard Grimes, excellent
discussion of the gap that
he's got up@shrinkstir.com slash DW
zero. And it depends on
how you loaded the assembly.
If you asked for a
fully qualified assembly name, if
you said, I want this
assembly with this public key
token in this version, it'll
come out of the GAC.
Okay. If you ask for
it by the short name,
then, then it'll come out
of the local director because
the GAC doesn't know. And
just saying, I want the
Fu you know, suddenly that
load food isn't enough information.
It's true. You could have
multiple versions in the gap.
That's true. And he's got
it. Yeah. So which one
would it pick? Right. If
it finds it local, it
it'll pick the, the local
one. Okay. Good point now.
And all this is very
complicated stuff. Phew. Fusion debugging
is, is a huge hassle,
but understanding the fusion debug
stuff is actually a big
part of, of whom is
basic debugging that we're talking
about. I like to keep
fusion running all the time
on my system. I've got
a C colon backslash fusion
logs. Travis Illig has got
a great fusion log viewer
settings changer that you can
get, it shrinks your.com/dw one
in the pre dotnet two
Oh world. It's pretty complicated
to set this kind of
stuff up. He'll edit the
registry. And what happens is
you'll get in your fusion
logs folder, a list of
all of the different attempts
to load a.net assembly and
those failures. So if you're
feeling like a DLL isn't
getting loaded or the right
version, isn't getting loaded, you
can go there and check
that out. But I'm kind
of back to the point
of these sysinternals tools as
it relates to what got
loaded. We've talked in the
past about dotnet to O
applications loading up the wrong
version of DLLs. When I
loaded dotnet to outlook had
some add ins that were
dotnet managed admins, and suddenly
I was getting too old
loaded instead of one. Oh.
And things were breaking. Yeah.
I talked about that at
dot com slash DV
K process Explorer, again is
a great tool where you
can load a process Explorer,
look in the lower view,
you say view lower pane
view and say what DLLs
are being loaded and from
where, and if you take
a look at that shrinks
to Earl, I said about
DIA stringer.com/dk, you can say,
well, I insist that this
particular version of the SDK
be loaded in memory, the
CLR, rather we've talked about
that a little bit. Yeah.
Last week when we were
mentioning shell extensions, only one
version of the CLR per
process. So what's going to
happen in the shell extension
world. When there's two, three
versions of the CLR out
there, it's become a real
problem. Okay. File on both
file Mon and regimen and
TCP view, those kind of
three together, I'm finding more
and more useful when I'm
having a situation where what
exactly is this application doing?
What is it? Is it
writing to the disc? Is
it looking in the registry
and both file Mon and
regimen at shrink.com/dvg and stricture.com/dvt,
respectively will allow filtering. So
I can say, well, I
want to see what the
Carl Franklin dot exe is doing
in both the registry and
to the file system at
runtime. So while this might
not be something you'd want
to use to debug what
DLLs are getting loaded, although
they would show up as
being accessed on the file
system, it'll show you, is
this application looking for a
particular key in the registry?
And last week, when I
was having a heck of
a time debugging, my, my
ThinkPads wireless card, I had
the feeling that there was
an application that was going
into some of the wireless
registry settings and changing them.
And I use  to
take a look at them.
We don't, you just have
a gut where it's like,
well, where could it be
getting this information? And this
is a thing I was
talking about. A lot of
this kind of root cause
analysis. When you, when you're
not interested in going at
that really deep level of
debugging, like that Russinovich level
of debugging is there's only
so many places that these
things can be finding their
information from. Right? Sometimes I
feel like people are debugging
an application and they go,
and then a miracle happens
and you know, and it's
like Gary, Gary Larson methodology. Right?
Exactly. Someone says, well, I
click here. And then all
this stuff that I'm completely
glossing over happens. Right. We
talked about that when we
were talking about debugging, the
XML serializer, correct? Yeah. It's
windows is not that much
of a big, a black
box. You can see inside
the processes, you can see
what threads are running and
what DLLs. And we started,
what process you can see
with symbol servers, a little
bit more insight of what's
going on. There are, there
are debuggers that provide you
this value, but even the
most basic stuff like, like
this Trojan issue I had
where I needed to find
out which process was talking
to this particular server. I
found that there was a
wind log on process, had
a DLL loaded inside it.
And it was trying to
send email from a Russian
website, no kin, well, we
had a theorial the opensource
packets differ on the wire.
We could see that someone's
trying to talk SMTP off
to this Russian machine. But
the guys that were doing
this debugging forgot that you
want to resolve that connection
to a particular executable. So
we just followed the path.
We said, TCP view from
a again, TCP view is
shrink.com/dvs. You can say resolve
endpoints. We could see that
some mail dot R U
was being opened by wind
log on. We said, well,
when log on, that seems
like a reasonable thing that
doesn't sound evil. We know
that we need, when log
on, that's the anti login
manager, right? So then we
load it up, process Explorer.
We sorted by company name
in this particular case. And
we said, wow, that's not,
that's a blank company name.
It was a random eight
character generated DLL. Okay. That
doesn't look right. Nope. So
then we went into the
windows folder and found that
DLL, we saw that it
had been updated a few
days before, so that DLL
has appeared out of nowhere.
A couple of days ago,
we looked inside the thing
with a hex viewer. We
didn't see any nasty strings,
but it clearly didn't look
right. Searched for it on
Google didn't find any which
meant eight character random generated
thing. Right. Did a search
on Google for eight generated,
eight character generated, you know,
DLL when log on and
then found a bunch of
malware applications that like to
do that. So how does
this deal all get loaded
in memory? Well, where else
could you look? So we
look on the registry. We
look in the registry, we
searched for the name of
that DLL. We can see
in the registry under the
wind log on section deep
in the bowels. There's a
place where all the different
things that want to load
in to when log-on put
themselves, we could have seen
that had we used auto
runs the tool that lets
you see all of the
things that happen at startup
at, at citizen turtles. But
I just poked around on
the registry removed that poked
around. I mean the whole
thing is listed up on
my blog. The point is
though that you have to
be able to follow that,
you know, one of the
path follow the path from
the connection that was opened
back to the process and
the process to the DLL,
because there are places that
you can hide things. People
have said my blog and
have informed me that, you
know, there are now kernel
mode, evil malware applications that,
that don't show up in
task manager at all. Those
that don't show up inside
of things like process Explorer.
And I think that we'll
see at the tech ed
presentation that Mark will talk
a lot about that kind
of stuff. But for the
most part, it's hard to
hide stuff. If you know
where to look, you know,
Just going to make that
much easier, of course, with
security being enforced at the
kernel level, theoretically, although We've
ran the recent builds a
Vista, it constantly prompts you,
is it okay to do
this? Is it okay to
do that? You're going to
control panels. Is it okay
to do that? Right. We
found a really great website.
A lot of people recommended
by a woman named tests
who works for microsoft@trickster.com slash
DVQ. She's an expert debugger.
And she works for the
PSS product support services group
at Microsoft. And she posts
the most interesting, got this
crazy dump file and got,
and found out that it
was this, you know, it
was the garbage collector or
it was a block thread
or whatever, shrink, stir.com/dvq The,
the name of our blog
if broken it is fixed.
Yeah, that's great. I mean
a perfect professional debugger. It's
definitely kind of tales from
the debugger side and I'm
enjoying that and I'm, I'm
going to need to take
a debugger class because the
last time I did this
kind of lower level debugging
was really back in the
soft ice kind of a,
just when we were switching
into protected mode. So I'm
out of practice. Wow. There's,
there's a number of tools
that you can use. Sysinternals
are just kind of, some
of them, the same thing
applies to asp.net kind of
level debugging. We've talked before
about tools like Fiddler shrinks
your.com/dvf and I E HTTP
headers at strengthened.com/dve. These are
all tools that let you
see what's going on at
the HTTP level. Frankly, I
find that asp.net kind of
debugging to be the easiest,
because you can really see
what's going on. I mean,
there's no secret discussion happening
between your browser and the
server, right? It's all right
there, whether it be Ajax
or cookies, you can see
all that traffic. So is
there an end to your
Trojan horse story or, you
know, how did, how did
it end? Well, we, we
dug around a little bit
more and there also was
a browser helper object, like
a toolbar that was hiding
inside of IIE. And it
would go back and forth
with this wind log on.
And apparently it was, it
was emailing itself around. So
the wind log on stuff
was the, the bit of
the Trojan that would email
itself to other people via
these, these Russian mail relaters.
And then the browser helper
optic would listen to it
and then occasionally pop up
porn ads while surfing. We
think it was a Trojan
viendo V U N D
O variant, but not, not
quite sure. I tried a
number of different malware tools
and no one would detect
it. So there probably is
one that would detect it.
But I think that it,
it just was a, some
variant that this stuff, the
new stuff hadn't figured out.
Okay. A number of good
comments happen though on the,
on that particular post folks
recommended tools like spyware doctor
to try to look at
it. But you know, you
can't even trust the spyware
tools anymore. Cause sometimes they
themselves are spyware myself. I
use spy bot. I trust
them. Yep. Interestingly windows defender.
I don't think found this
one and I'm not quite
sure what I'm thinking about.
The windows defender tool, A
Microsoft anti spyware, the SQL
right Windows defender is the,
the, the next generation of
windows, anti spyware, the stuff
that they bought from the
giant corporation and windows defender
will be also built into
Vista. Okay, good. And actually
speaking of, kind of defending
type things, you know that
the good, the Google toolbar
was revved this week. No,
I didn't know that. Interestingly,
if you go to tools,
extensions and say, find updates
for some reason, it's not
showing up yet as an
official update on Firefox. But
if you go to toolbar.google.com
or shrinker.com/dvl, it includes anti-phishing,
which is very cool. Cause
I've got my parents using
Firefox as I'm sure all
of the listeners have their
family and friends using Firefox,
but I still worry about
fishing. And this will actually
bring up a nice fat
up saying that, you know,
I am suspicious of this
website, think twice before giving
your PayPal password away. And
then you had seen something,
it was@projectip.com. Yeah. Project, ip.com.
This isn't really fishing or
anything, but it's just opened
my eyes to, to something
we knew was there, but
it can be exploited. This
is a, the clipboard can
be read the default setting.
And  is that a
server can read the contents
of your clipboard. And usually,
you know, you don't really
think about that too much,
but a lot of people
copy their credit card numbers
from some file. They have
somewhere safe and sound on
their computer and then paste
it into, you know, amazon.com
or wherever they're ordering stuff
from when they need to
order. I, you know, I'm
not one of those people
who has my credit card
memorized. So, and you know,
if you do that and
then you don't immediately copy
something else into the clipboard,
there's a chance that looking
at your, you know, whoever's
processing your order can or
something else or not, not
just that cross site script,
for example, some JavaScript code
could read the contents of
your clipboard. So, you know,
you go to another site
after that, it's still in
your clipboard. They can read
it. Yeah. That's definitely something
to watch out for. And
actually speaking of security, you
were talking about some people
keep information in text files,
maybe they shouldn't. One thing
you might want to take
a look at is if
you are running a tool
like windows, server, desktop search,
or Google desktop type in
your social security number and
your desktop search type in
your credit card number, see
if that exists somewhere on
your system and you maybe
have forgotten about, Oh, that's
a great idea. I found
a, our social security numbers
in a, in a, in
a PDF that I had
created of our taxes years
ago and forgotten about, and
then use the search tool
to find that bit of
text and basically wiped our
system of social security numbers,
credit card numbers, things like
that. You, if you're going
to upgrade a computer and
toss out a hard drive,
right? Well, if you're going
to toss out a hard
drive, you need to burn
the hard drive. Yeah. I
mean, nobody does that. Of
course. And I have all
my old hard drives. I
don't know what to do
with them, but other than
subjecting them to severe electromagnetic
impulses, I'm not sure what
the, how to do that.
So, I mean, there are
companies out there that make
these hard drives shredders. We've
talked about them on Mondays,
sort of as a gag
because you know, they're 40,
$50,000. Some of them are
just nothing more than magnets,
but there are also things
machines that will turn your
hard drives into a pile
of gravel. Well, if you're
going to be donating your
hard drive or giving it
to a friend, or if
you've just got hard drives
lying around now that it's
so easy to plug a
hard drive into a system
or plug it into a
USB disc temporarily, there's a
tool called Derek's boot and
nuke at  dot com
slash D w three. You
can get a floppy version
for older systems and a
CDR version for newer ones.
It's, it's very dangerous, but
it's a self contained boot
system that wipes the hard
drive of your machine. Wow.
That's great. So you just,
you just boot off of
it. There's even one for
the Mac. It'll do SJTA
drives. If you're tossing a
disc, just make one of
these CDs label. It very
clearly because you would hate
to have someone boot office
and make a mistake. Is
it, does this go down
as far as the sectors
and remove the binary information
from the sectors of the
drive? Cause I know that's
the pro you can use
on track software and that
kind of stuff to retrieve
files that have been lost
by reading the underlying data.
You can look at the
FAQ on Derek's boot and
nuke site. He talks about
secure deletion of data from
magnetic memory, talking about, you
know, what they have to
do to flip the bits,
the different methods. You know,
you can read the FAQ
and defy it, decide whether
you think that this is
something that you'd want to
do. So he's doing some
smart things messing around with
a fat table. No, he's
wiping it. He's actually going
all right, let's lay down
ones and let's lay down
zero and we'll do it.
We'll do it a hundred
times. But he says in
there, are you sure it
works great? No, but it
is very well thought of,
and it's certainly cheaper than
buying one. Okay, good deal.
You know, I think we
may not have an offshoot
of this maybe with Camtasia
called stump, Scott, you know,
try to where you could
sort of remote assist into
somebody's computer and, and try
to uncover, we could do
live debugging of someone's problem.
Try to uncover a problem
and see how long it
takes you, you know, and
if you can be stumped
well, I'm, I'm very sure
I can be stumped. I
am only as I am
only as smart as the,
some of my blog readers.
And I consistently am impressed
with the level of folks
that are goodly enough to
read my blog. And I
consistently learn from the commenters,
particularly whoever comments first, you
know, whoever the first guy
is to stand up and
go BS. Yeah, it works
like this. Right. And I
appreciate that. Just like in
this, in this debugging issue,
I had completely forgotten about
symbol servers and was I've
immediately configured my system and
that'll be the first thing
I'll do now when I
start using a dev system
is get that symbol server
started up. Absolutely. Your ego
is not your friend, folks,
destroy Eagle. This programming is
the way to go. Exactly.
All right. Until next week,
Scott, thanks for sharing your
thoughts and your expertise. We'll
see you next week on
Hanselman's.